CompStructure/CompStructure.md, before:

# Component Structure
## Components List
  - Button
  - DayList
    - DayListItem
  - Appointment
    - Header
    - Fragment
      - Empty
      - Show
      - Form
        - InterviewerList
      - Confirm
      - Status
      - Error



### Application
 - State: day
 - Props: NONE
 - Used By: NO ONE

### Button
  - State: NO STATE
  - Props: confirm(boolean), danger, onClick(func), disabled(bool)
  - Used by: EVERYONE
  
### DayListItem
 - State:
 - Props: key(int), name(string), spots(int), selected(bool), setDay(func) 
 - Used By: DayList
 
### DayList
  - State:
  - Props: days (array of objects with id, name, and spots keys), day(str), setDay(func)
  - Used By: Application

### InterviewerListItem
  - State:
  - Props: name(str), avatar(url), selected(bool), setInterviewer(func)
  - Used By: InterviewerList

### InterviewerList
  - State: 
  - Props: interviewers (array of objects with id, name, and avatar keys), setInterviewer(func), interviewer(num)
  - Used By: Application

### Appointment/Header
  - State: NO STATE
  - Props: time(str)
  - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Empty
 - State: NO STATE
 - Props: onAdd(func)
 - Used By: Appointment

Commit message:

Add basic structure summary for show, confirm, status and error components

CompStructure/CompStructure.md, after:

# Component Structure
## Components List
  - Button
  - DayList
    - DayListItem
  - Appointment
    - Header
    - Fragment
      - Empty
      - Show
      - Form
        - InterviewerList
      - Confirm
      - Status
      - Error



### Application
 - State: day
 - Props: NONE
 - Used By: NO ONE

### Button
  - State: NO STATE
  - Props: confirm(boolean), danger, onClick(func), disabled(bool)
  - Used by: EVERYONE
  
### DayListItem
 - State:
 - Props: key(int), name(string), spots(int), selected(bool), setDay(func) 
 - Used By: DayList
 
### DayList
  - State:
  - Props: days (array of objects with id, name, and spots keys), day(str), setDay(func)
  - Used By: Application

### InterviewerListItem
  - State:
  - Props: name(str), avatar(url), selected(bool), setInterviewer(func)
  - Used By: InterviewerList

### InterviewerList
  - State: 
  - Props: interviewers (array of objects with id, name, and avatar keys), setInterviewer(func), interviewer(num)
  - Used By: Form

### Appointment/Header
  - State: NO STATE,
  - Props: time(str),
  - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Empty
 - State: NO STATE,
 - Props: onAdd(func),
 - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Show
  - State: NO STATE,
  - Props: student(str), interviewer(object with id, name, and avatar keys), onEdit(func), onDelete(func)
  - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Confirm
 - State: NO STATE,
 - Props: message(str), onConfirm(func), onCancel(func),
 - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Status
 - State: NO STATE,
 - Props: message(str),
 - Used By: Appointment

### Appointment/Error
 - State: NO STATE,
 - Props: message(str), onClose(func)
 - Used By: Appointment
